add storage config documentation (#1559)
openshift/microshift: docs/storage/configuration.md

# Storage Configuration

> LVM backed storage is indirectly configured through `/etc/microshift/lvmd.yaml`. LVMD is a sub-compnent of the CSI plugin responsible for managing LVM host operations.  An example with default values is provided by MicroShift at `/etc/microshift/lvmd.yaml.default`.  Users may copy this file and rename it to `/etc/microshift/lvmd.yaml` to customize their configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LVM backed storage is indirectly configured through `/etc/microshift/lvmd.yaml`. LVMD is a sub-component of the CSI plugin responsible for managing LVM host operations.  An example with default values is provided by MicroShift at `/etc/microshift/lvmd.yaml.default`.  Users may copy this file and rename it to `/etc/microshift/lvmd.yaml` to customize their configuration.
```

### Default Config

Below is an example of what users will find at `/etc/microshift/lvmd.yaml.default`.  

```yaml
# Unix domain socket endpoint of gRPC
#socket-name: /run/lvmd/lvmd.socket

device-classes:
  # The name of a device-class
  #- name: default

    # The group where this device-class creates the logical volumes

>     #volume-group: rhel

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    #volume-group: microshift
```

Multiple device classes may be defined in the `device-classes` array, and they can be a mix of thick and thin volume configurations. E.g.

```yaml
socket-name: /run/topolvm/lvmd.sock
device-classes:
  - name: ssd
    volume-group: ssd-vg
    spare-gb: 0
    default: true
  - name: hdd
    volume-group: hdd-vg
    spare-gb: 0
  - name: striped
    volume-group: multi-pv-vg
    spare-gb: 0
    stripe: 2
    stripe-size: "64"
  - name: raid
    volume-group: raid-vg
    lvcreate-options:
      - --type=raid1
```
Caveats:
- Specifying lvcreate-options is at your own risk and only provided as an escape hatch by the CSI plugin. 
- Setting spare-gb to anything other than 0 is not recommended because it does not behave predictably and usually results in more space being allocated that expected.

### Storage Class

Storage Classes provide the workload layer interface for selecting a given device class.  The following storage class parameters are supported.

- `csi.storage.k8s.io/fstype` selects filesystem type: `xfs` or `ext4` are supported
- `topolvm.io/device-class` maps the backend device class. If not provided, the default device class is assumed.

> The relationship between storage classes and device classes is many-to-one.  This allows admins to provide varying sets of parameters for the same backing device class, e.g. to provide xfs and ext4 variants.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Multiple storage classes can refer to the same device class.  This allows admins to provide varying sets of parameters for the same backing device class, e.g. to provide xfs and ext4 variants.
```

MicroShift defines the following as the default storage class.
```yaml
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: StorageClass
metadata:
  annotations:
    storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class: "true" [1]
  name: topolvm-provisioner
parameters:
  "csi.storage.k8s.io/fstype": "xfs" [2]
  "topolvm.io/device-class": "ssd" [3]
provisioner: topolvm.io [4]
reclaimPolicy: Delete
volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer [5]
allowVolumeExpansion: false [6]
```

> 1. Denotes this storage class is the cluster's default.  If a PVC does not specify a storage class, this class is assumed. Exclude the annotation if not a default storage class.

Reviewer 2: Maybe number these items based on the order above for users who are reading the `.md` file offline?

Author: done
